hey guys tie and welcome to another call
of duty ghost video for today got some
information on possibly quite a lot of
map packs for call of duty ghosts
possibly up to four of the map packs for
call of duty ghosts and the maps
contained within this so pretty cool
information in that basically the
developer playlist of these DLC maps has
been leaked on the on the PC version of
the game it was just accidentally
released for a bit and sell a lot of
people saw and screenshotted it and
things like that sort of got some
information from that and also
somebody's been in the coded files of
the game as well and plucked out a few
different map names and little pieces of
information as well so we've got a lot
to get through so this developer
playlist that appeared on the pc version
game the other day actually showed a few
of what look to be like DLC maps have
call of duty ghosts and so the names of
these are swamp battery rumble dome
boneyard gaza comp red river and battery
however digging into some of the code
that was with this you can actually see
that one of the multiplayer maps was not
actually shown which is apparently
called descent and that is going to be
coming in the second map pack for call
of duty ghosts now with this code we got
the list of the other names which we saw
from the developers actual playlist so
we know that they are possibly going to
be in the game possibly the code names
and four for the maps or maybe they
already are in the game but those map
names as I said also appeared in the
code for the game that wasn't covered
and it gives some details on when we
could be seeing these maps because it
said and what map pack that they would
be released so this is of course it's
not final it's not definite but it is
just something that we have to work from
at the minute so it says that the maps
battery Red River Rumble and dome will
all be coming in the third map pack
whilst the maps boneyard comp Gaza and
swamp will all be coming in the fourth
map pack so it looks like this might
have been just a partial test of the
maps or something I find it kind of hard
to believe that they've already made all
of the maps for the map packs I don't
know whether that is true or not maybe
the map pack numbers are wrong I'm not
sure at the minute but that's the
information that that development leaked
and also this files these code files
have given us as well so other than that
the only two things to save with the
extinction maps that look like they're
going to be in
the piece of DLC that we're going to be
having for call of duty ghosts as well
and these are just simply listed as
level 2 and level 3 so it looks like the
extinction mode is going to be something
that they're pushing like the zombies
mode from the trout games and they're
going to be getting something else e for
that so that it's cool because I do like
the extinction mode then it gets a
little bit of getting used to but it is
a bit of fun which you get into and
hopefully they can take it places and
improve it more and more and more as the
maps go on so what do you reckon of
these map names do you reckon they are
real or not and do you think they will
be coming in the third and fourth map
packs as I've said with just that one
map in the second map pack force is
going to be more but they've just not
shown or linked them at the minute and
so thank you very much watching guys I
quit like as always we really
appreciated subscriber ladies more cod
ghost stuff and I'll see all on a bit
yeah
you